Updating document.referrer documentation to reflect latest behavior inside an iframe. (#32178)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/referrer/index.md

string, it doesn't give you document object model (DOM) access to the referring page.

Inside an {{HTMLElement("iframe")}}, the `Document.referrer` will initially

> be set to the same value as the {{domxref("HTMLAnchorElement/origin", "origin")}} of
> the parent window's {{domxref("Window/location", "Window.location")}}.

Reviewer: I don't think it's strictly the case all the time:

```suggestion
be set to the {{domxref("HTMLAnchorElement/href", "href")}} of the parent's
{{domxref("Window/location", "Window.location")}} in same-origin requests.
In cross-origin requests, it's the {{domxref("HTMLAnchorElement/origin", "origin")}} of the parent's `Window.location` by default.
For more information, see the [Referrer-Policy: strict-origin-when-cross-origin](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Referrer-Policy#strict-origin-when-cross-origin) documentation.
```

As far as I understand it's the above, where the Parent's `Window.location.href` = the referrer in same origin (localhost shows this to be true). 

The case you're highlighting is only in cross-origin cases or if there's a referrer policy set. Another good explainer: https://web.dev/articles/referrer-best-practices:

![image](https://github.com/mdn/content/assets/43580235/20af20b1-977e-4d40-9680-9cc10d41ca95)
